---
layout: jobpost
title: "Scientist - Molecular Modeling"
---

## Scientist - Molecular Modelling 

  &nbsp; 

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast. Born out of a desire to facilitate drug discovery by more accurate and more relevant molecular modelling techniques, we are building a platform with the potential to explore interactions with greater precision and accuracy. Our goal is to exploit the platform to create and test drugs more quickly and efficiently in order to take them to market with less optimization required.  

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance.

#### Roles and Responsibilities

* Assist with the development of our molecular modelling platform
* Algorithm development
* Coding in Python/C
* Development of new models and extension of proprietary models
* Simulation of systems for the purpose of testing new ideas
* Work with CTO to develop ML tools and optimization of parameters
* Supervise engineers assigned to assist with primary tasks
* Communicate with leadership to prioritize and coordinate tasks
* Work with other members of the team to ensure that goals are met.

#### Qualifications
* PhD in related fields (e.g. theoretical/computational physics, chemistry, biophysics, biochemistry, or other sciences) or equivalent experience.
* Experience with molecular dynamics (MD) simulations
* Deep understanding of physics and math involved in molecular simulations
* Development experience in Python and/or C
* Experience in force field development is an asset

#### Notes: 
* Due to covid, remote work is acceptable, but candidates may be asked to relocate to Vancouver, Canada, when it is safe and reasonable to do so.
* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
