---
layout: jobpost
title: "Software Engineer"
---

## Software Engineer 

  &nbsp; 

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast.  Born out of a desire to make use of the vast amount of data available from genomics, and to translate it into real world therapies, we are building a molecular modelling platform with the ability to more accurately represent interactions between molecules.  Our goal is to develop the capability to more quickly and efficiently create and test drugs that make it to market with less optimization required, across a range of medical conditions, and to be able to work on targets that are inaccessible by existing methods.

The position will entail collaborating with our scientists to develop our molecular modelling platform while ensuring proper software quality and following the best practices in software development. Example tasks may include optimising the performance of a specific function or algorithm, extending the existing API, or developing an automated pipeline. Because of the nature of our work, a change in technology stack is expected. We are looking for a developer with a developed horizontal skill set that likes to solve varied problems and is interested in developing scientific software.

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance. 

#### Roles and Responsibilities

* Collaborate with scientists to develop and deploy our molecular modelling software
* Extend the API and capabilities of our software
* Write supplementary toolkits to augment our data processing and analysis capabilities
* Update the existing code to improve the speed and maintainability of our molecular modelling software
* Perform other software development tasks as required
* Communicate with leadership to prioritise and coordinate tasks
* Work with other members of the team to ensure that goals are met.

#### Qualifications
* 2+ years of professional software development experience
* Development experience in Python, Cython, and C
* Physics, chemistry, or engineering background would be an asset
* Experience with developing scientific software would be an asset
* Experience with agile software development and scrum would be an asset
* DevOps experience would be an asset
* Experience developing tool chains would be an asset


#### Notes: 
* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
