---
layout: jobpost
title: "Marketing Specialst"
---

### Marketing Specialist 

HTuO Biosciences is a rapidly growing company working at the interface of chemistry and computer programming. We are developing an advanced molecular modelling platform capable of accurately predicting the behaviour of molecules.  When complete, HTuO's simulations will better predict the behaviour of drug-target interactions and more accurately predict binding energies, thus allowing better optimization of drug molecules.  Our technology will be a major advance in the field of drug optimization, significantly improving the rate at which we can develop new drugs as well as the quality of those drugs.

The Marketing Specialist who joins our company will be a key member of the Business Development team, reporting to the Director of Business Development. This role will be highly analytical and help drive our Go-To-Market strategy and prioritization of markets and product features. The ideal candidate will grow with the company and take on increasing marketing and leadership responsibilities as the company matures. Consequently, we are looking for a candidate who brings experience in marketing, has a deep interest in pharmaceutical applications of sciences, and is comfortable with the fast-paced environment of a young tech company.  

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance. 

#### Responsibilities
* Assess upstream and downstream marketing efforts to-date; take ownership of the entire marketing activities and implement the tasks necessary to introduce a new offering to market.
* Developing and overseeing the marketing strategy, which focuses on the go-to-market strategy for HTuO’s technology.
* Researching and analyzing market trends and competitors, and converting the raw data into detailed reports and actionable insights.
* Evaluating and assessing the strengths and weaknesses of competitive products and developing comparative statistics and metrics.
* Responsible for creating brand strategies, value propositions, positioning statements, maintaining brand standards and ensuring compliance across all marketing and communications channels.
* Define customer segments to be targeted.
* Create and manage marketing budgets and monitor market share trends and optimize HTuO’s marketing budget allocation.
* Manage brand equity communication, and work with digital agencies to develop a communication plan.
* Assist in developing a pricing strategy based on market research and competitive intelligence.
* Working directly with business stakeholders and translating business data needs into business and technical requirements.
* Own and manage launch campaigns including: communication plan, messaging, branding, oversee website redesign, promotions, advertising, social media.
* Work with scientists to author whitepapers that are consistent with branding and communications strategies.


#### Requirements
* Bachelor’s degree in Marketing, Business, or Health Sciences (MBA is a plus)
* 3–5 years of marketing work experience, preferably within the biotech or pharmaceutical industries.
* Working knowledge of the pharmaceutical drug discovery process and, as well as a thorough understanding of marketing business processes.
* Familiarity with the latest trends and best practices in the marketing and pharmaceutical field.
* Prior experience with launch campaigns.
* Account-based marketing experience preferred.
* Project management and prioritization skills.
* Ability to meet deadlines and complete projects within budget.


#### Notes: 

* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply, but priority will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.
* Only applicants that are selected for interviews will be contacted.
* Additional incentives include participation in the company stock option plan, health benefits and relocation assistance.
* Remote work is possible, but preference will be given to local candidates or candidates willing to relocate.


#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
