---
layout: jobpost
title: "VP/Director of Sales and Marketing"
---

## VP/Director of Sales and Marketing

  &nbsp; 

#### About HTuO Biosciences

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast. Born out of a desire to facilitate drug discovery by more accurate and more relevant molecular modelling techniques, we are building a platform with the potential to explore interactions with greater precision and accuracy. Our goal is to exploit the platform to create and test drugs more quickly and efficiently in order to take them to market with less optimization required.  

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance.

#### The position:

The ideal candidate will have experience building and leading sales and marketing organizations in the biotech/pharms industry as well as the desire to roll up their sleeves and execute in a startup environment.  You will build and execute a comprehensive sales and marketing strategy, build and lead the sales and marketing organization, drive initial sales, collaborate with executives to manage the customer relationship process, inform product development of customer requirements.

#### Requirements

* Bachelor degree in business, biology or chemistry
* 15+ years of sales, marketing or business development experience in biotech, pharma or related industry (preferably knowledge of the drug development process for small molecule compounds)
* Prior experience at a startup or building a sales and/or marketing organization from scratch, including developing incentive compensation, quotas, managing teams, hiring, firing decisions
* Proven track record of building relationships with customer and partnerships to achieve strategic objectives is required
* Experience building and managing strategic client relationships and sales (of specific solution set/product) in/to the healthcare market
* Proven track record for achieving target revenue and / or sales goals
* Demonstrated success in accessing and influencing senior level and / or C - Suite clients, sophisticated customers, channels, consultants, and / or business partners in a highly matrixed organization
* Understanding of sales process and ability navigate and manage complex sales, solutioning and RFP process to facilitate and remove roadblocks (for sales/client executives) to close sales
* Ability to travel overnight to meet with customers and run trade show / conference booths.
* High intelligence and integrity


#### Qualifications
* Define sales and marketing strategy and lead the execution of both including, branding, positioning, collateral development, co-authoring whitepapers with scientists, product marketing, customer engagement, owning the sales and marketing budget 
* Build and lead a world-class sales and marketing organization that understands and delights its customers
* Use rigorous quantitative methods to define and segment the market and set realistic sales and gross margin targets based on market knowledge.
* Define and execute sales strategy:
  * Creating GTM strategy 
  * Set and manage sales budget and margin goals
  * Handle HR matters related to sales, including recruiting, hiring, developing, training, and managing to support the sales strategy
  * Define the incentive compensation and quotas
* Set pricing rate card and discounts
* Develop and maintain pipeline of qualified business opportunities to drive and support growth objectives
* Establish, maintain, and develop business relationships with existing and potential customers. Proactively establish relationships at higher levels of key accounts to anticipate needs and improve customer satisfaction.  Target customers will have separate technical and business decision makers so it is imperative that one can speak to both. 
* Lead the Sales team to identify sales gaps with existing customers to further penetrate those customers.
* Represent the company at industry trade shows, sales meetings, marketing workshops and other special events as required. Host and coordinate customer visits.
* Cultivate and deepen C-suite and/or complex client relationships by being a trusted advisor to the client

#### Skills
* customer relations 
* negotiation, 
* problem solving,
* Proven organizational leadership and planning skills with attention to detail and multi-tasking ability.
* Excellent written and verbal communications 
* Strong working knowledge of Microsoft Office, MS Project or equivalent Project Planning Tool.

#### Notes: 
* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
