---
layout: jobpost
title: "Scientist - Computational Physics, Force Field Parameterization"
---

## Scientist - Computational Physics, Force Field Parameterization

  &nbsp; 

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast.  Born out of a desire to make use of the vast amount of data available from genomics, and to translate it into real world therapies, we are building a molecular modelling platform with the ability to more accurately represent interactions between molecules.  Our goal is to develop the capability to more quickly and efficiently create and test drugs across a range of medical conditions, with less time spent in the lab, and to work on targets that are inaccessible by existing methods.

The position will entail participating in the parameterization of our force field and development of our molecular modelling system and the relevant algorithms. We are looking for an experienced computational physicist with extensive experience in molecular modelling.

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance. 

#### Roles and Responsibilities

* Develop and implement force field parametrization strategy
* Assist with the development of our molecular modelling platform
* Perform molecular modelling simulations in the course of developing the molecular modelling platform
* Collaborate with the engineers assigned to assist with primary tasks
* Communicate with leadership to prioritise and coordinate tasks
* Work with other members of the team to ensure that goals are met.


#### Qualifications
* PhD in a related field (e.g. theoretical/computational physics, chemistry, biophysics, biochemistry, or other sciences) or equivalent experience.
* Deep understanding of physics and math involved in molecular simulations
* Multi-variable optimization experience is a must
* Experience in the parameterization of force fields would be a major asset
* Experience with AI/ML for scientific research would be an asset
* Development experience in Python and/or C would be an asset

#### Notes: 
* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.
* Only applicants that are selected for interviews will be contacted.
* Additional incentives include stock option plan and relocation assistance.
* Remote work is possible

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
