---
layout: jobpost
title: "Scientist - Validation"
---

## Scientist - Validation 

  &nbsp; 

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast. Born out of a desire to facilitate drug discovery by more accurate and more relevant molecular modelling techniques, we are building a platform with the potential to explore interactions with greater precision and accuracy. Our goal is to exploit the platform to create and test drugs more quickly and efficiently in order to take them to market with less optimization required.  

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance.

#### Roles and Responsibilities

* Assist with the development of our molecular modeling platform
* Develop code to test and validate molecular simulations
* Develop code to automate frequently used processes
* Help identify and triage errors 
* Set up and run simulations
* Help develop and implement metrics for validation of molecular simulations
* Work closely with other team members

#### Qualifications

* PhD in related field (eg, physics, chemistry, biophysics, biochemistry, or other science) or equivalent experience
* Development experience in Python and/or C
* Deep Experience with Molecular modelling simulations

#### Notes:

* The start date for this position will be no sooner than July 2021.  
* Due to covid, remote work is acceptable, but candidates may be asked to relocate to Vancouver, Canada, when it is safe and reasonable to do so.
* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.