---
layout: jobpost
title: "Software Engineer"
---

## Software Engineer 

  &nbsp; 

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast.  Born out of a desire to make use of the vast amount of data available from genomics, and to translate it into real world therapies, we are building a molecular modelling platform with the ability to more accurately represent interactions between molecules.  Our goal is to develop the capability to more quickly and efficiently create and test drugs that make it to market with less optimization required, across a range of medical conditions, and to be able to work on targets that are inaccessible by existing methods.

At HTuO, we value creativity and integrity, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance. 

#### Roles and Responsibilities

* Collaborate with scientists to develop, optimise and test our molecular modelling software
* Write supplementary toolkits to augment our data processing and analysis capabilities
* Develop new software tools as required
* Communicate with team members to prioritise and coordinate tasks

#### Qualifications
* Development experience in C and Python is required
* Experience with git, test driven development and software optimisation are required
* 2+ years of professional software development experience is required
* Knowledge of software development processes would be an asset
* DevOps experience would be an asset

#### Notes: 

* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.
* Only applicants that are selected for interviews will be contacted.
* Additional incentives include stock option plan, extended health benefits, and relocation assistance.
* Remote work is possible

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
