---
layout: jobpost
title: "Marketing/Business Development"
---

## Marketing/Business Development

  &nbsp; 

#### About HTuO Biosciences

HTuO is based in beautiful Vancouver, BC, on Canada’s west coast.  Born out of a desire to make use of the vast amount of data available from genomics, and to translate it into real world therapies, we are building a molecular modelling platform with the ability to more accurately represent interactions between molecules.  Our goal is to develop the capability to more quickly and efficiently create and test drugs that make it to market with less optimization required, across a range of medical conditions, and to be able to work on targets that are inaccessible by existing methods.

At HTuO, we value creativity and growth, and have high expectations from all of our staff.  We believe in creating a diverse work environment that is balanced, supportive and encourages a healthy work-life balance.

#### The Position:

We are looking for a person who is interested in being the first business specialist in a computational biotechnology company. The candidate should be interested in building deep, continued relationships with clients and partners and should have the experience to understand the nuances and workings of the biotech industry. The position entails both business development and marketing responsibilities, with activities shifting over time as the company grows and enters commercialization.  The title of this position is flexible, depending on the experience of the applicant and will be upgraded with the continued growth of the employee in the position.  

We are primarily looking for a person who will develop with the company, and is interested in joining on “the ground floor” of a startup, advancing their career as the company grows.  Success in this role would see the candidate advance into a management position, building and directing either the marketing and/or sales division of the company.

As the culture at HTuO is based on open and honest communication, the successful applicant for this position will be expected to face challenges with flawless integrity.

#### Roles and Responsibilities:

* Establish, develop and maintain business relationships with clients and partners, both with technical and business specialists
* Create and execute marketing and business development strategies
* Collaborate with scientists to develop whitepapers and other marketing materials
* Provide market analysis and insights
* Represent the company at conferences, trade shows, and other events. Organise and coordinate events of our own.
* Develop, test, refine and prioritise value propositions, offering pricings 
* Develop Go-To-Market strategy, including initial target or therapeutic areas 
* Document any user requirements to feed into the product development process.
* Collaborate with the technical team to create partner-facing materials.

#### Qualifications
* Prior marketing or business development experience in biotech, pharma or related industry.  A minimum of two years experience in a relevant capacity is required.* Knowledge of the drug development process for small molecule compounds would be a significant asset
* Proven track record of building relationships with clients and partners
* Experience building and managing strategic client relationships and sales in/to the healthcare market
* Ability to travel as required to meet with customers and run trade show/conference booths.

#### Notes: 
* Both qualified Canadian and international applicants are welcome to apply.
* We encourage diversity and will not tolerate discrimination in any form.
* Only applicants that are selected for interviews will be contacted.
* Additional incentives include stock option plan and relocation assistance.
* Salary will be commensurate with relevant experience, and will be based on Vancouver level compensation scales, although remote work is possible.

#### How to apply:

Please send your resume and cover letter to us at 
[careers@htuobio.com](mailto:careers@htuobio.com) - we will only reply to applicants who are selected for interviews.
